Reduce storage of big arrays in memory during optimization (#1688)
PlasmaControl/DESC: CHANGELOG.md

- Updates Redl bootstrap current consistency tutorial to include a ``SplineProfile`` optimization
- Adds automatically generated header file showing date the input file was created with `desc.vmec.VMECIO.write_vmec_input`

Performance Improvements

> - Couple memory management improvements to reduce the base memory used during optimization.

Author: ```suggestion
- Improves memory management to reduce the base memory used during optimization while using `lsq-exact`, `lsq-auglag` and `fmin-auglag` optimizers.
```
